eZ Tube is an extension that makes it possible to setup and configure a video portal in minutes, using selected content from YouTube. The extension makes it possible to display YouTube videos, user profiles, playlists, favorites, etc. on your own eZ Publish website. It also allows you to upload videos to a YouTube user account. Through the use of optional filters you can control what is displayed on your eZ Publish website. Content is collected through the YouTube API and cached locally.

The eZ Tube extension makes it possible to seamlessly embed a variety of content from YouTube into your eZ Publish website, such as videos, comments, playlists, favorites, profiles and more. Present your personal selection of YouTube content on your site using advanced content filtering, such as category and keyword filters and black and whitelists for videos, authors, tags and profiles.

Use the eZ Tube extension to create a video portal or channel that presents your products or services, to showcase your music videos, to organize your tutorials or to broadcast local breaking news. Mobilize your community around specific social issues or offer the audience of your webmagazine a selection of related videos per page. Use the keywords in your existing tagcloud to search for related videos and keep your target group involved by displaying videos including user comments. Provide video streams on your event or conference website. The possibilities are just endless!

All YouTube content and functionality is displayed as an integral part of your own website. Standard filters and advanced search configuration will ensure your portal or channel remains up to date – without the need to preselect videos first. Stay in control over the content displayed on your website by excluding unwanted videos and users through white- and blacklists. The fine-grained caching system ensures an optimal site performance and a satisfactory user experience.

eZ Tube is based on version 2 of the YouTube API, and supports most available API calls. Content may be displayed using either the predefined pages ('views') or anywhere on your existing webpages using an extensive set of template functions. The documentation provides numerous examples and detailed instruction on how to customize this extension. And in combination with the eZ Publish enterprise, the eZ Tube extension can be further customized to meet your specific requirements.

eZ Tube is dual licensed. There is a GPL (General Public License) and a professional license. Using the GPL license, people can build their own open source applications and thereby contribute to the development of free and open software. The professional license allows companies to make and sell commercial software that is developed using and/or built upon the eZ publish system. 